0.1.x (#121)
strangelove-ventures/wadesta: README.md

pnpm add graz
```

### Install peer dependencies

> To avoid version missmatch we dcided to make these packages as peer dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid version mismatch we decided to make these packages as peer dependencies:
```
